ACCOUNTANT

Summary

General accounting procedures ***Accounts Payables * Costing ** Billng & Accounts Receivables * Cash Management * Bank Reconciliation
***Payroll Management * Finalisation of accounts up to Balance Sheet * Accounting Reports Management * Knowledge of L/C Documentation
* Admin & Secretarial Skills Competencies Proficient in data entry and management * Ability to maintain a high level of accuracy in preparing and
entering financial information * Ability to work fast and in an accurate manner * Good organizational and analytical skills * Ability to eam and
adapt quickly to meet changing needs

Highlights

Sound knowledge of computer accounting programs such as, I-Travel Financials (ERP), MYOB, Tally, QuickBooks, Xpert, Leap Accounting
and MS Office applications like Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook and other Intemet applications with very good typing speed.

schivor anes

PACU nels

October 2012 to October 2014 Company Name 4 City

« A Destination Management Company based in Dubai) Job Description: Handled high volume of payments including internal and external.
Reviewed supplier invoices to ensure that all the information appearing on them is accurate and compkete and reconcikd their statements
Bree Wee eC eom

Maintained listing of accounts payable.

Monitored accounts aging to ensure payments are up to date.

Performed day to day processing of payments by cheques, telegraphic transfers, online transfers, etc.

and ensured that suppliers are paid within the established time limits in accordance with the company policy.

Oooo ent anc mnem rc PeCIRtiicaaL erorremrllvnecge mecca sZt)

Prepared month-end account reconciliations primarily bank, accrual and prepaid accounts and post entries.

Ensured the confidentiality and security ofall financial files.

Other accounting/finance support as and when required by the management.

FXCa UH em MNCL) ewer n Une ate
POU PEO RO elec wAPAGun sctivencieenl aed

* A boutique hw firm that specialises in the Corporate, Property and construction business sectors) Job Description: Accounts Payables -

Reviewed invoices to ensure that all the information appearing on them is accurate and complete.

Verified that payable transactions comply with financial policies and procedures.

Yreeccet HccMCO IP Qe Ike CunUm Nema Ce Ri lameclORantna

Maintained listing of accounts payable.

Cash Receipts & Petty Cash Expenses - Managed and controlled cash receipts through proper tracking and ensured that the same is.

deposited into bank ona daily basis in order to avoid discrepancies.

Managed daily petty cash expenses and reconciled the physical cash and advances daily.

Bank Reconciliation - Monitored Bank transactions daily to avoid any imegularities and also to ease the bank reconciliation thus by keeping

the book balance up-to-date.

Accounting Vouchers & Data Entry- Prepared and recorded various vouchers in MYOB software.

Month end closing and Financial Reports - Maintained Fixed Assets master and run monthly depreciation, passed closing entries and

provided MIS reports (BRS, CFS, Ageing Reports, Commission Statement, etc.).

© Finalisation of Accounts and Annual Audit - Assisted Finance Manager by preparing relevant B/S and P&L scheduks as per auditor's
ero UNCe Omlneaialicabe me eccuenicnietea ula ere a

* Secretarial - Provided secretarial & administrative support to the Fiance Manager as and when required.

Junior Accountant
July 2008 to April 2011 Company Name i City

© A boutique TMT firmset up in the Middle East to cater exclusively for all legal needs of companies or individuals) Job Description: Handled
Crus okechmeoetichia eth ecm celle Margit th Om Ni anes yer conauiemnemealclcmaie cece ORM ccicp eels
Recorded invoices in the Leap Accounting Software.

Kept track of Clients' Funds in a separate Trust Account.

Accounts Receivabks - Monitored Receivables regularly and worked with clients and A/R team to increase speed of receivabkes and
prevented interruption of service to clients that lead to an improverment in the financial performance of the company.

Managed receivables activities such as cash application, sending follow-up inquiries, negotiating with past due accounts.

Worked and resolved customer queries in relation with invoices by commumicating with the concemed Fee Eamers, participated in weekly
credit control meeting with the Managing Partner.

Accounts Payabks - Verified suppliers’ invoices, reconciled statements and arranged timely and accurate processing of payments in
accordance with the company’s payment strategy, and also arranged advance payments wherever necessary and kept track of it.

¢ Statutory Payments - Arranged Funds in Advance from clients to pay the statutory payments related to Trademark/Patent/License
Registration/Renewal before the deadline.

Payroll - Controlled and updated employee records and processed payroll.

Petty Cash - Managed daily cash expenses and verified and tallied physical cash balance.

Accounting Vouchers - Prepared, maintained various vouchers and recorded in Leap Accounting software.

Financial Reports - Assisted Finance Manager in preparing monthly financial reports.
